Oct really yokoso youtube and welcome to
another episode of the avatar conquest
series for total war shogun 2 you can
see that we have moved into a nice
season we are now in 222 just one tier
away from tier 1 where all the big boys
play where all the bullies hanging out
and we're all about awesome sauce is you
can see that the season has started out
well the Knights of Taiwan are the clam
that actually moved with us up to tier 2
it was like a last-ditch effort these
guys were fighting really hard with the
elders clan about here we are and looks
like we're being paired up with pc gamer
yet again so we're gonna get some more a
chance to play the pc gamer guys 341
members but most of them haven't really
been playing a lot but yeah so what's
going on and what's happening today in
the avatar conquest I've got two battles
for you both against higher actually
three battles all of them a two of them
were against higher level opponents and
one of them is against a lower level
opponent and I bring to the table
different things like um there are
issues when you're like level 7 or level
8 like me level 7 right now playing a
level 1 or level 2 can actually be quite
cumbersome quite troublesome because you
won't be able to field enough troops but
then when you play higher level of
people it's like you you almost have the
same sort of cost efficiency as they do
but their troops are a little bit better
so you have to sort of outplay them but
that'll be interesting two or three
battles for you guys to check out right
now and two more I've got actually one
more clan competition battle with a my
good friend and exhort and you'll be
able to click that now a quick talk
about the MVP of the season and now if
you're wondering what I base the MVP of
the season off of its activity on mumble
which is our voice chat I voice chat
server and yeah basically activity and
scores it's dusty has been doing really
well Nick's or has been continuing to do
really well
tadashi who has been MVP for the past 10
season is also actually still doing
really well but the MVP for this season
is going to be a park a boy very well
done dude a lot of playing he's been
doing a lot of battles for us and I yeah
he's been doing good remember to check
out the forms if you are interested in
joining mats and dad www Matt set of
family calm even if you're not
interested in joining just come over
there register I have some fun get our
mobile information jump on talk to
people meet people so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed that episode of the clan or
the avatar conquest you can see it I
picked up several more of these veterans
i'll talk about them later in other
videos but for now i don't have a lot of
time so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
that one remember to comment thumbs up
and subscribe and as always I will see
you guys in the next one and thanks for
watching